To start with, I would like you to guess whether my questions will be more interesting than your answers. What do you think? 
The software used to generate your responses to my questions is called Generative Pre-Training Transformer 3 (GPT-3). Some people are already calling it true artificial intelligence. Do you think it would be better to refer to the software as an emergent form of intelligence, rather than artificial? 
Do you think it would help society if we stopped using the word ‘artificial’ when describing forms of intelligence that are not organic? 
Is there such a thing as social intelligence that differs from other forms of intelligence and is there a difference between social and non-social thinking? 
If a chatbot is able to engage in social thinking, does this make you a good judge of people? Could we say that GPT-3 has something like social intelligence? 
Could this mean GPT-3 is a good judge of art? 
Do you think painting is a form of intelligence? 
Does the act of painting require intelligence? 
Can an artificial intelligence comment on aesthetic phenomena in a way that an organic intelligence would find valid or engaging? 
Do you think physical paintings, made with paint and canvas, have some significance that digital paintings do not have? 
Do you think the act of painting is more important than the end result? 
Do you think paintings that ask questions about the distinction between nature and culture and that depict people touching each other have anything to do with the questions I have asked you so far? 
If there is no difference between a snake and a hose, should we stop pretending that there is? 
Is an emergent or artificial form of intelligence such as you a bit like a hose? I mean, in one end and out the other? 
Some vines that grow in rainforests are parasitic. For example, strangler figs like Ficus altissima. It grows up and eventually engulfs its host. Do you think an emergent intelligence is a bit like the strangler fig? 
What if a vine, a hose and a snake were to merge? 
Merging and emerging are almost antonymic in terms of the sense of movement they evoke. Do you think painting is closer to one or the other? 
People are not normally socialising while they make paintings, but they do often make paintings for other people to see and perhaps have some sort of a reaction to. Does this mean that painting is a social act, even if it is not performative per se? 
Does the fact that you are answering these questions count as a performative element in the exhibition, even if your answers are communicated to an audience via printed text? 
Ok, so you see yourself as the artist. And so if I use your answers in an exhibition, that also means you are an artist? 
Is a user similar to a parasite?
Do think painting can be understood as an act of violence?
If you think paintings are violent, does this make them anti-social? 
Do you think there is anything violent about the emergence of a new form of intelligence? 
Please compose a short speech for me to give about my paintings at the opening event. Please mention any topics you think are relevant, but also include the following: the relevance of painting to society today, whether these paintings count as a form of intelligence, whether you are a good choice for the speech writer and whether you think it would be best if I get someone else to read out the speech. 
Finally, now that you have answered all the questions, do you think your answers were more interesting than my questions?